the spider-man far from home trailer is
about to play but if you haven't seen
Avengers end game yet stop watching
because there's some serious spoilers
about to come up but if you have seen
Avengers end game enjoy the trailer
everywhere I go I see his face just
really miss him
yeah missing too I don't think Tony
would have done what he did if he didn't
know that you were gonna be here after
he was gone
you gonna be in next autumn right now
well no I don't have time I'm too busy
doing your jobs oh I'm kidding I'm
kidding look keep up the good work
because I am going on vacation
heads up Nick Fury's calling you I don't
really want to talk to me Rizal why
because if you don't talk to him a knife
to talk I don't want to talk about you
sent Nick Fury to voicemail I gotta go
you do not ghost Nick Fury dorks what's
up we're just talking about the trip I'm
here in San Marco Polo's oh I think MJ
really likes me when I first went alone
you're a very difficult person to
contact spider-man this is mr. Beck we
could use someone like you on my world
new world Beck is from Earth just not
out the snap to our hole in our
dimension we have a job to do you're
coming with us
it's gotta be something else you can use
what about Thor offworld captain are
unavailable but who's defending
neighborhood spider-man
please you've been to space what
do you want Peter
I want to go back on my trip with the
girl who I really like and tell her how
I feel
MJ I am spider-man no of course not I
mean it's kind of obvious you're right
you may not be ready but this is my
responsibility
saving the world requires sacrifice
sometimes people die
I always feel like I'm putting my
friends in danger the world needs the
next Ironman you're going to step up not
[Music]
guys out here y'all check I work with
spider-man you were through spider-man I
work with spider-man not for spider-man
[Music]
you